README.md, before:

<strong>Project Status:</strong> under construction

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Danhayes3008/milestone4.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Danhayes3008/milestone4)

<strong><h2>Technologies:</h2></strong>

<strong><h3>HTML:</h3></strong>
As with all other websites html 

<strong><h3>CSS:</h3></strong>
the css is used to make the site have a more profesional and interesting look to it

<strong><h3>JS:</h3></strong>
the use of java script is to give the site functionality.

<strong><h3>Django:</h3></strong>
Django makes up the backbone of this project. with its well organised structure sites can be quickly built and deployed. It is one of many python extensions by
by far it is the best one in my current opionion for web site development.

<strong>site features:</srtong>

 . barchart and pie chart displaying the amount of people living on the streets
 . google maps in the contact us page to show the office location for the charity (not done yet but will be included)
 . donation progress bar to show if we have met our target amount needed to complete the project. (not done yet but will be included)
 . user settings page so that users can delete there account if they wish or change password and email address from the settings (not done yet but will be included)

 more things will be added, just wanted to list some features that will be coming

<strong>Testing</strong>

contrabutions:

used some of the lessons i have done on django as an example of how my code for this project should look like.

found how to do pie charts in JavaScript from <a href="https://www.anychart.com/blog/2017/12/06/pie-chart-create-javascript/">this site.</a>
reused the code in there how to example but made changes to suite my needs all rights to the code still belong to anychart.com 

The address used as the charity's office is an empty office space found on zoopla.com this was chosen as to not to give out the office address of a business currently using the address.

all code, images, information sourced from other sites and people are used for learning purposes and are not being used for comercial use.

Commit message:

added a note on how shane has helped me with the written test coding

README.md, after:

<strong>Project Status:</strong> under construction

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Danhayes3008/milestone4.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Danhayes3008/milestone4)

<strong><h2>Technologies:</h2></strong>

<strong><h3>HTML:</h3></strong>
As with all other websites html 

<strong><h3>CSS:</h3></strong>
the css is used to make the site have a more profesional and interesting look to it

<strong><h3>JS:</h3></strong>
the use of java script is to give the site functionality.

<strong><h3>Django:</h3></strong>
Django makes up the backbone of this project. with its well organised structure sites can be quickly built and deployed. It is one of many python extensions by
by far it is the best one in my current opionion for web site development.

<strong>site features:</srtong>

 . barchart and pie chart displaying the amount of people living on the streets
 . google maps in the contact us page to show the office location for the charity (not done yet but will be included)
 . donation progress bar to show if we have met our target amount needed to complete the project. (not done yet but will be included)
 . user settings page so that users can delete there account if they wish or change password and email address from the settings (not done yet but will be included)

 more things will be added, just wanted to list some features that will be coming

<strong>Testing</strong>

contrabutions:

used some of the lessons i have done on django as an example of how my code for this project should look like.

found how to do pie charts in JavaScript from <a href="https://www.anychart.com/blog/2017/12/06/pie-chart-create-javascript/">this site.</a>
reused the code in there how to example but made changes to suite my needs all rights to the code still belong to anychart.com 

The address used as the charity's office is an empty office space found on zoopla.com this was chosen as to not to give out the office address of a business currently using the address.

ShaneMuir_Alumni helped me alot with getting the testing working as i was having trouble getting travis to work at first, and struggled to get written tests to work. He also provided me the django doc link that explains testing and stuff.

all code, images, information sourced from other sites and people are used for learning purposes and are not being used for comercial use.
